Closes #77: Initialize 4337 directory (#78)
safe-global/safe-modules: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Bug report about the Safe smart contracts

---

## Prerequisites

- First, many thanks for taking part in the community and helping us improve. We appreciate that a lot.

> - Support questions are better asked on our Discord: https://chat.gnosis-safe.io

Reviewer: do we have a new link?

> - Support questions are better asked on our Discord: https://chat.gnosis-safe.io

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support questions are better asked on our Discord: https://chat.safe.global
```

Author: Fixed in another PR

- Please ensure the issue isn't already reported.

*Please delete the above section and the instructions in the sections below before submitting*

## Description

> Please describe considely the bug you have found, and what you expect instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please describe consiely the bug you have found, and what you expect instead.
```

Author: Fixed in #80
